a listen up here are eight habits that
can make you a poor person now in some
sense poverty isn't a lack of money but
a particular life program that people
create in their mind there are numerous
examples when a poor person became rich
without any family support or a
substantial inheritance in other cases
people had all personal qualities and
possibilities necessary to earn a lot
but they were too unsure of themselves
to take the first step so if you feel
you're one of such people don't get
desperate
there are several typical habits after
getting rid of which you'll be able to
significantly improve your financial
situation here are eight habits of a
poor person as well as the reasons that
can prevent you from getting rich and
living a wealthy life counting down from
number eight if you stop working you
won't be able to support your habitual
lifestyle for longer than three months
usually a person's lifestyle depends on
the level of their income how long will
you be able to live the same life if you
stop getting money and just use your
savings according to some estimations a
person is considered rich if such a
period can last as long as a year if you
know that you won't manage to live like
before even for three months it's time
to change something create a so-called
financial safety cushion to do this put
some money aside every month what's even
better try to find a source of passive
income it can be an investment in real
estate shares or securities
[Music]
number seven you are in a constant
search for sales
if you always look for price tags with a
magic word discount on them or try to
buy goods only at sales you have another
habit of a poor person the same goes for
buying cheap things statistically if you
buy a cheap TV in a period of one year
you'll spend three times more money on
its repair than you pay for the device
itself other warning sign of a poor
person's mentality are the love for
freebies and a desire to make others
work for as little money as possible a
rich person is ready to pay a real cost
of goods or services what is more they
generously reward the labor of their
employees because being managers they
work just as much and know that adequate
compensation is incredibly important
[Music]
number six it takes you more than an
hour to get to work
you've probably heard how they say time
is money this means you can always earn
more money but you will never be able to
buy more time if you spend at least two
hours a day on a commute calculate how
many hours it makes in a month minimum
40 hours this time that you waste in a
car on a bus or a train you can use to
do so many great things that will bring
both money and pleasure that's why the
best thing you can do is to find an
accommodation close to your work or
figure out a way to spend as little time
as possible to get there if both options
are unacceptable use the time you spend
on the way effectively studying foreign
languages or reading career related
books according to the statistics 85
percent of rich people read more than
two self-improvement or education books
every month while only 15% of poor
people do the same
number five you have some bills that you
can hardly pay if you pay loans for your
mobile phone car furniture and even
traveling something is gone wrong
there's a rule that says debt payments
shouldn't be more than 40% of your
earnings this is a so to say borderline
as soon as you can cross it you can
forget about a comfortable and calm life
it's obvious that you want everything
and immediately that's a distinguishing
feature of the human nature however it's
more effective to increase your income
and level of life gradually than to buy
everything you've always been dreaming
about all at once in the latter case you
might find yourself in a situation where
you can't even afford to buy
high-quality food and this is the
easiest way to get problems with your
stomach and spend a fortune on
examinations and treatment many people
try to find a salvation in payday loans
they are short term advance as people
get in cash and pay back as soon as they
get their next salary while such loans
can really help you out in case of an
emergency
some borrowers are left indebted for
months and years to come the thing is
that such loans have a huge interest
rate of about three hundred ninety
percent a year can you even imagine such
figures meaning that if you borrowed a
thousand dollars in a year you'll have
to pay back four thousand dollars number
four you aim for immediate profit
searching for a job some people pay
attention only to the size of their
potential salary others try to figure
out what new knowledge they can get in a
new position and how useful it can turn
out later it's better to accept a job
offer from a serious company with a low
starting salary this will give you an
opportunity to build a career and earn
much more after some time don't
concentrate on the sum of money you'll
get after the first months of work think
globally some people may believe that
education will take their time which
they could otherwise spend
earning money however you need to
understand that after getting a proper
education you'll be able to get much
more money making less effort number
three you spend money before you've
earned it
there's an old saying that there are
three kinds of people in the world the
haves the have-nots and they have not
paid for what they have there's a lot of
truth to that buy now pay later is a
favorite trick of banks that offer
credit cards and if some years ago
people tended to take loans mostly for
big purchases such as a car or an
apartment nowadays it's nothing out of
the ordinary to use a credit card to pay
for clothes or kitchen appliances banks
have pretty long periods during which
you don't have to pay interest fees
however this is just one more clever
psychological trick that's right you
don't have to pay extra but you use your
salary to cover debt service payments on
the same day you receive it and voila
you have to use the bank money again
in this case it's next to impossible to
create a proper financial safety cushion
in May 2016 the Federal Reserve
conducted a survey which showed that 50
percent of all Americans have no savings
in such case any serious problem be it a
broken car or an illness can lead to
financial ruin number two you have
drifted away from your family you'll be
surprised how many people believe that
they can achieve something worthy only
acting on their own separated from their
family but in fact the situation is
opposite a person can't build a
successful career or start a profitable
business without a support of their
family
many people achieve their goals thanks
to the love of their family who believed
in them others destroyed everything they
had left their families with an
intention to do everything themselves
however busy you are find time for your
family because without them it will be
extremely hard to grow
develop in this competitive world number
one you expect that the government will
change your life for the better well you
should accept a simple truth
there's no politician who will come into
power and change your life for the
better and if you prefer to blame the
government for all your troubles you
have the mentality of a poor person the
thing is that politicians deal with the
masses not individuals and pass laws
beneficial for the economy of the whole
country not you personally
what is more poor people often believe
that while they have been working for
all their life the government should pay
them more than enough when they retire
they count on Social Security to support
them after they stop working and exactly
here there's a difference between poor
and rich people while people with low
incomes spend most of their money on
housing those who have high incomes
invest in retirement expenses and
insurance according to the data provided
by the Bureau of Labor Statistics that's
why you should stop relying on anybody
but yourself and find a way to take care
of your financial problems so have you
found among these any features that you
have tell us in the comments below don't
forget to click subscribe to stay on the
bright side of life
you